# 测试用数据

## 论文

### Paper title

Blockchain-Empowered_Identity_Management_with_a_Dual_Identity_Model_for_UAVs_in_5G_Networks

Already-Published-test-1

### Volume & Issue

Volume: 34, Issue: 6

### Pages

266-271

### ISSN

0743-166X

### Paper Link

https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10621262

## 委员会

### committee name

Mypapers International Blockchain Society

### 委员会简介

Engaging computer engineers, scientists, academia, and industry professionals from all areas of blockchain, the Mypapers International Blockchains Societysets the standard for the education and engagement that fuels continued global technological advancement. Through conferences, publications, and programs, and by bringing together blockchain science and engineering leaders at every phase of their career for dialogue, debate, and collaboration, Mypapers International Blockchains Society empowers, shapes, and guides the future of not only its members, but the greater industry, enabling new opportunities to better serve our world.

## 期刊 Journal

### 期刊 NAME

Mypapers International  Transactions on Blockchains

### 期刊简介

The Mypapers International  Transactions on Blockchains  (Mypaper-TBLO) publishes high-quality papers reporting theoretical and experimental advances in the general area of blockchains. Mypaper-TBLO is committed to provide a timely and rigorous peer-review process for all submitted papers. Mypaper-TBLO has a broad scope spanning several areas such as blockchain security, crosschain, smart contract, blockchain application and so on.  

## 会议

### Conference Name

2025 Mypapers International Conference on Blockchains

### 会议简介

ABOUT MYPAPERS ICB 2025
Mypapers ICB 2025 is the first installment of the Mypapers International Blockchains  Society (BlcSoc) sponsored conference on Blockchains.It will feature keynotes, tutorials, peer-reviewed technical paper presentations, posters, demos, a hackathon, and exhibitions from world-leading service providers, solution vendors, research institutes, open-source projects, and academia. A select number of papers based on the peer review process will be invited to submit an extended version for publication in a Special Issue of the Mypapers International  Transactions on Blockchains. Mypapers ICB 2023 is the primary forum for the technical exchange of the latest research and innovation, regulation, policies, standards, and applications in the exciting and emerging area of blockchains.
